Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Rosa. Can you hear me.
I can hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you this morning.
Rosamaria Romero: Oh gosh, I, I'm doing good. Just
Rosamaria Romero: That, hey,
Rosamaria Romero: Kim.
Rosamaria Romero: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I lost you.
Rosamaria Romero: Am I cutting off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you keep going in and out.
Rosamaria Romero: Come
Rosamaria Romero: Last or second
Rosamaria Romero: I I lost it. Okay, can now. Can you hear me. Yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, I'm sorry. I lost my phone, about five days, six days ago at Walmart and I have one of those phone locators on it.
Rosamaria Romero: And it's showing that it's still at Walmart or and for the past three days while not for these past two days. But when I first saw it for the first three days.
Rosamaria Romero: I went to Walmart because it's showing that it's still at Walmart. So I must have put it down somewhere at Walmart and nobody found it yet. So I'm I'm borrowing my daughters phone so obviously her connection in as great as as mine is no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: Because I usually go in the bathroom or so I just came in my room.
Rosamaria Romero: But how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rosamaria Romero: That's good, that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've been just taking care of the kids and I'm dealing with his whole thing. How's things with your landlord.
Rosamaria Romero: Um,
Rosamaria Romero: It's just, it was, it is what it is. I'm just looking for another place and you know just doing my best.
Rosamaria Romero: Just trying to get into either a two or three bedroom whatever I could find, but I'm, I'm going to try to get a three bedroom. It's really hard to find because of
Rosamaria Romero: Being that like, like a lot of apartments that I've called so far. They say, like, I like I told you the US and they have a waiting list or like they're waiting for people to be evicted but they can be victim now.
Rosamaria Romero: Like, yes. It's like my sexual do due to this to this coronavirus so you know they so they're like we we don't know when this is going to be lifted.
Rosamaria Romero: So that we can get you into a three bedroom, you know, so I'm just, I'm just being patient and just keeping my faith and and that's it you know just doing the best I can to survive and and
Rosamaria Romero: You know survive for my kids, you know, keep my kids going and clothed and fed and dressed and you know I'm you know just
Rosamaria Romero: doing my best to teach them now that they're not in school, work with them with their ABC. The 123 spelling with my my five year old with the baby like now he's listening to lullabies and
Rosamaria Romero: Like is ABC and you know it just, it just teaches him like his colors and shapes and stuff so
Rosamaria Romero: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that will be
Rosamaria Romero: My morning so far.
Rosamaria Romero: You'll be a year now and the 27
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: God, the cutest data.
Rosamaria Romero: Yes.
Rosamaria Romero: Yes, he's actually getting ready to walk. He's almost there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Rosamaria Romero: Standing up and he wobbles take step evolves. So I give it another week, and he'll be walking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think he's gonna take off.
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: Um, can you hold on just for one second. I'm sorry. I didn't know why my my my son's crying.
Rosamaria Romero: What does come here. What's wrong people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just talking to her son.
Rosamaria Romero: I'm sorry, one second. Let me just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rosamaria Romero: These are my boys.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rosamaria Romero: I'm sorry about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to be a mama to
No worries.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rosamaria Romero: I apologize. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So things have been going good for you this week we're worried
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You were telling me about your week
Rosamaria Romero: Oh, yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, um,
Rosamaria Romero: For the week, it just for the most part it's just pretty much just pretty much the same routine every day you know just wake up.
Rosamaria Romero: Clean up the house.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, have you know kind of have to be at the kids fix their beds, get dressed like I said no, brush your teeth stuff and then make breakfast.
Rosamaria Romero: And I usually go to work now at 10 but of course I told them. Today I'm going to be late because I have a really important meeting which Dan has to be with them for seven years. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they
Rosamaria Romero: They were okay with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rosamaria Romero: You should go to work to one and then home and make lunch clean up the house because you know how kids are a clean up in the morning and then I come back and their blankets unfolded and
Rosamaria Romero: You know, just the toys are all over. So I after I make one day just clean up again and then I have my little one on one time with my son. And, you know, like I said,
Rosamaria Romero: He has this with this dry erase book to where he could
Rosamaria Romero: I don't know. I don't know when when you were younger. I'm sure you did, but like when I was younger, they had
Rosamaria Romero: You like like in kindergarten, how they would have, like, like the letter A and then it would it would have like like lines and then you would you would have to keep copying it. So he has a book like that with all the alphabet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it can dry erase so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, right. Um, and then
Rosamaria Romero: City race it and then the next day when whenever we do our, our again you could do it again. You know, so that we keep buying books over and over and over.
Rosamaria Romero: So you so yeah so then I have my time with him after making lunch cleaning up the house and then by time. I know what I'm making dinner and then getting them.
Rosamaria Romero: In their bath and pajamas and then I'll let them watch a little bit of TV or a wallet. While have like on Friday nights we have a movie night.
Rosamaria Romero: We'll, we'll all watch a family movie or something or, you know, all they all let him watch you know like a, like, an hour, um, you know, whatever he chooses. But of course, supervised by me.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, of course, I'll have to approve what of what he's watching. And then he goes to bed and I put my eco the baby to bed and and my daughter, she's 13 so she knows she knows her. She knows what she needs to do. I don't need to, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: I don't need to tell her anything she knows
Rosamaria Romero: The other her routine down and then that's it. And I, and I go to bed and then it's the same the same thing, the same thing in the morning, so
Rosamaria Romero: It's the same routine every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. And that's what we need right consistent routine.
Rosamaria Romero: Consistent routine. Yes, that's what I'm that's what keeps me
Rosamaria Romero: I guess you know staying busy keeps me from from not thinking so much
Rosamaria Romero: And you know we when you're just at home bored and not doing anything that's all you do is thinking
Rosamaria Romero: Thinking. Thinking. These are stressing yourself out for absolutely no reason
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't, it's like
Rosamaria Romero: Why, why am I stressing myself out. Like there's there's times where
Rosamaria Romero: Where I, you know, like, I'm like, I'm really, really hurting from from down here and they took out my uterus and
Rosamaria Romero: Sometimes I have to call him to work and be like, you know, can you give me like an hour and a half to get to work. I kind of just need to just sit in the hot bath, you know, because I'm you know I'm just, I'm just not really feeling too good down there and
Rosamaria Romero: So, you know, there's times where you know I have. I have. I have bad my, you know, my bad days. But yeah, they, they end up progressing through the day, you know, as, as time goes on. But like I said, I just I just keep I just can't like to keep myself busy and stay positive.
Rosamaria Romero: No matter the situation, even if it's a negative situation like like this eviction
Rosamaria Romero: You know situation that I'm going through. I'm just understanding. I'm just being positive about it because
Rosamaria Romero: I was actually
Rosamaria Romero: I was explaining to
Rosamaria Romero: My glasses. I'm sorry. They keep falling off my face and I can get them Titan because
Rosamaria Romero: The craft and
Rosamaria Romero: Close.
Rosamaria Romero: But anyway, I'll speaking to to Danielle and I actually forgot to bring this up in group you actually been I had told her that I had did
Rosamaria Romero: An experiment of negativity and positive and positivity. How, how it affects your life so. So one day I thought okay I'm gonna be
Rosamaria Romero: I'm gonna be negative. And I'm going to think negative all all day today. So I mean, of course, not towards my kids or anything, but just like what's going on with me, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: So like, like what the eviction and all that. Well, I was just like, Okay, you know, like
Rosamaria Romero: I'm not gonna, I'm not going to think positive. Today I'm gonna, I'm going to kind of let myself stress out and be like, so I did so. Okay, so one day. So the. So one day I woke up, I went about my day. And, um, I just started thinking, you know, like, Oh, what am I going to do you know
Rosamaria Romero: What if things don't go right for me. You know what, what if I can't find new house. I'm gonna, you know, I have my kids. It's, you know, and it started really stressing me out. And it's hard to give me more anxiety than then then I then I need and I started having panic attacks, you know, and
Rosamaria Romero: So, uh, so I, the way I got, I went through my whole day, you know, just thinking negative about everything and I noticed that, that it brought it didn't just only bring
Rosamaria Romero: Stress to me and and myself and and and and and only it didn't only just give me panic attacks and anxiety, but as well when when I got home from work.
Rosamaria Romero: It I it passed on to everybody that was around me. So I know that I saw the noticing that that that my that my kids were getting agitated.
Rosamaria Romero: I started noticing that my daughter was getting agitated, um, you know, I started noticing that the Father. The Father of my kids. He comes in the mornings to
Rosamaria Romero: Help me, you know, till five or whatever. And then he goes home, you know, every day.
Rosamaria Romero: So, um, and I said, notice I started noticing that negativity, from him as well too. And he was like, you know, what's wrong with you, like, I'm like, I'm feeling like he was they were all feeling my energy, especially him.
Rosamaria Romero: He's a, he's a very, very spiritual person like me. So like, like we we feel people's energies very, very strongly. So he was like, I'm feeling a really, really bad energy for me today, like what's going on with you. And, um,
Rosamaria Romero: I just told him you know I'm doing this experiment. I've been negative
Rosamaria Romero: All day today. I, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: I apologize in
Rosamaria Romero: Effect them as well. It it their attitude change.
Rosamaria Romero: They're getting like annoyed with me and Bob and I explained to them that it was just an experiment that that's not the way I am well and you know they understood, but still, they're filling my energy and it was bad.
Rosamaria Romero: So, okay, I got through through the negativity day and I noticed that everybody around me was just getting irritated and frustrated and stressed out and
Rosamaria Romero: I my energy would just be passed on to everybody that was on me, even people. I would love to go into a store and people around me. I could just fill their energy that they're feeling my energy and it just wasn't good. It was just no no good. No, by no
Rosamaria Romero: So then the next day I woke up and I said, Okay, today I'm going to think positive about everything. And that's how my day goes
Rosamaria Romero: That see if it, if it makes a difference if he will kind of what kind of difference it makes. So I got up in the morning and I said, Okay, I'm not going to let anything bother me. Today I'm going to think positive about everything.
Rosamaria Romero: You know about situations going on with the eviction on, you know, just some just some stuff that that that my clients you know because they they talked to me about stuff that they're going through, as well, too, and I gave them positive, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: Advice you know feedback and you know I just went to my day. And once again, look like with a, with an
Rosamaria Romero: Empty with the positive, it was the same way everybody around me. I came home from work and I was in a good mood and I was happy and I was feeling something positive, and also in good
Rosamaria Romero: The kids were happy. The kids were feeling good. There were laughing and wanting to play. And they were like, Mom, you know, like you, you, you seem you seem really happy. Today's you know from yesterday and
Rosamaria Romero: And I'm that's, that's when I kind of sat them down and I and I told him, you know, I'm sorry. I didn't intend to be that way. Yesterday, but I'm kind of doing the negativity and positivity test, um, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: For for
Rosamaria Romero: This program that
Rosamaria Romero: I told them. So I explained to them. I told them. So, yesterday I was thinking negative all like, all day.
Rosamaria Romero: And did you guys notice when I came home how our agitator you guys were getting with me and how we use affiliate my energy and my my five year old and my 13 YEAR OLD, OF COURSE, they understood and they're like, yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: We have energy today. And they said, you know what your energy, IT FEELS GOOD. YOU I we feel happy when we're around you. We feel good energy we feel
Rosamaria Romero: Like positivity and I said, Exactly. That's exactly what I'm trying to push off is to feel positive is to think positive stay positive be positive.
Rosamaria Romero: Push positivity on to whoever's around you if you see somebody that's thinking negative, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: Say, you know. Hello, sir. How are you, you know, how's your day. Do it. How was, you know, how's your day going, you know, you having a good day.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, just, just by doing that and and you know pushing out that that good energy could change that person's whole day you know from negative to positive
Rosamaria Romero: So in other words, so I did, I did the experiment with the naked with negative and the positive and of course
Rosamaria Romero: I mean, I noticed that it really does make a big impact on the people around you and not and not just the people around you but it affects you. Um, so how can I explain it. So, it affects you really, really bad.
Rosamaria Romero: But it affects ground you even more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Rosamaria Romero: That makes sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, like, like, you know, like with the with the negativity part it affected my kids more
Rosamaria Romero: Than what it was affecting me
Rosamaria Romero: You know, I'm now when I was positive, it was, it was really affecting them more than them what it
Rosamaria Romero: Was
Rosamaria Romero: To me like they just fun. Laughing And wanting to do arts and crafts and coloring and just smiling and
Rosamaria Romero: You know, just it just made a really, really big difference. It was it was a really good experiment. So from what I learned from it.
Rosamaria Romero: Is that I'm not going to let negativity in my life anymore. I'm not going to allow that in my life anymore. I'm not going to think negative it anymore because
Rosamaria Romero: Ever since I did that experiment. And I realized how much it affects not just me, but the people around me i'm not i'm not wanting to make people feel that
Rosamaria Romero: That way just because I'm going through, through you know stuff in my life and I'm and I'm taking it in in a negative way instead of being positive
Rosamaria Romero: About it and pushing off a positive vibe and making everybody around me happy. You know, so yeah, so that's that that's what I learned to just cut negativity out of my life. That's what I've done. Ever since then.
Rosamaria Romero: I just been positive.
Rosamaria Romero: About everything I'm just not seeing in I'm not doing well, what if I don't find a house. What am I going to do on you know
Rosamaria Romero: Like oh, like when i when i when i go when I when I go to work today is my client going to be in a bad mood is she going to be in a good mood, you know, how are things going to be, I don't, I'm not doing that anymore. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get
Rosamaria Romero: I get up and I'm just happy. I'm just, I go to work. And I'm just like, how, how are you today, you know, how did your morning start off
Rosamaria Romero: You know you. You seem you seem like you're like, if you're in a good mood today. Yeah, yeah. I am I am in a good mood. Would you like me to make you some coffee. Sure, sure, you know and and
Rosamaria Romero: And my days have just been going. They've been going great. They've been going good. I mean, you know, they, they just they've been going the way I expected to go, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right.
Rosamaria Romero: My days my days ago, the way I make it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so
Rosamaria Romero: By be positive, you know, of course. My days are going to go. Good. So yeah, so that's that's that's that's a real big deal that that I cut out of my life is negativity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. And it seems to be working really well.
Rosamaria Romero: Made a really big.
Rosamaria Romero: Deal with situations, etc.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good, and your kids feel it and you're happy. Yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just good
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, I mean, I just think, I just think, you know, like we only live once. So what for what for be negative all the time. And what for be unhappy all the time and constantly thinking and worrying all the time. I just think just just just leave it.
Rosamaria Romero: Will have, how does the single on just let go and be God. Just like just pretty much that it going to leave it in God's hands so that's that's what I do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's a good that's definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good stuff. So, okay. So tell me, is there anything you can identify that's not working, that you want to change.
Rosamaria Romero: That's not working. I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you say I froze. A little bit.
Rosamaria Romero: Um,
Rosamaria Romero: I, I remember you asking me to think about this.
Rosamaria Romero: For everybody down and I've been thinking all week. And ever since I've been thinking positive I can't think of anything that I would want to Jane.
Rosamaria Romero: I feel like
Rosamaria Romero: I feel like I feel like
Rosamaria Romero: Blocking negativity out of my life has really has really made a really big.
Rosamaria Romero: In a good way, in a positive
Rosamaria Romero: Rightly so, at this point, when, when I think about every, every little thing every, every single detail. My life everything with my kids with work with the situation on you know I'm I'm dealing with, you know, inside of me, what I'm going through physically
You know, mentally,
Rosamaria Romero: You know,
Rosamaria Romero: I, you know, dealing dealing with the pro, you know, not dealing with the program, but being consistent with the program and
Rosamaria Romero: Just, just to stay on schedule with
Rosamaria Romero: Everything and all that. It just everything just seems as if it should be. So no, I don't feel. I don't feel like there's there's anything in my life that
Rosamaria Romero: I would that I would change. I feel like I feel like everything is falling into place, little by little, and of course I have some really big.
Rosamaria Romero: Really big issues that I need to work out like the
Rosamaria Romero: brunt of the house, for instance, that's my biggest issue. Um, and picking up more hours at work. That's, that's, that's probably that's probably one thing that I would want to change is is
Rosamaria Romero: To is to try to get more hours at work, which is really hard been been that I'm a caregiver and and this coronavirus is going on.
Rosamaria Romero: I think I told you this last week, a lot of the lot of the patients aren't one that's to go to their house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so
Rosamaria Romero: So they they think much just like call it off. So I lose a lot of hours, but I tell them to let me know if you if you guys do get get any if you guys do get any clients that are like, you know what I do I need somebody here even though the sickness is going around just have
Rosamaria Romero: The employee come with a mask and gloves and I'll be fine, because I really need help, like to get stuff up on the shelf and you know I really need
Rosamaria Romero: Help me and my my kitchen cleaned up. No, because they, they, a lot of them don't have the the mobility skills, you know, like, like the way I do of course they're they're elderly we're, we're all going to be that each at some point and need
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, so on. Yeah, so that's that's pretty much one thing, one thing that I would say I would want to change is just to get more hours at work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Well, it seems that, you know, definitely, you're in this flow. And you know what you're doing is working.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In so you know what i mean i say that you just continue on doing what you're doing and we will walk through any hurdles or bumps that come up along the way and and work through them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're doing a great job. And I just want to tell you that last week when you and I met. We talked about your experiment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so I took it to several of the groups that I went to that I'm involved in and just kind of thrown it out there on the floor and discussed it and talked about you know other people doing it too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which was really kind of amazing. You know a lot of people really open and receptive to hear it and to want to try it. So,
Rosamaria Romero: You know, Ray.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have a pretty awesome.
Rosamaria Romero: So yeah, I'm so glad that you did that.
Rosamaria Romero: I'm, I'm so glad that you did that. I'm sorry to interrupt. Go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, it's just, it's great. And I just wanted to point that out you know that you know if it's working don't change it, you know, and if you have joy in your life over it and how you're doing it, don't change it because it's working right. And it was amazing to me how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How open people were to want to make that change, you know, to mean to try it themselves, and see you know how it worked for them. So it's kind of like a little, a little pandemic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, running wild in of positivity and within bright heart as well. So, you know, I just want to tell you that you started this chain of events that I think is awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And thank you for for holding that experiment, you know, because we often teach people and tell them that you know your your thoughts control emotions, your emotions you know control action.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But really, you know, having a client that walked through it and did it. And, you know, has the proof that it's true was kind of amazing. And I think that other people were really open to hear it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rosamaria Romero: That is no right. That makes me feel
Rosamaria Romero: That makes me feel really, really good about myself, I feel, I feel proud. I feel really proud that
Rosamaria Romero: That I that I actually got through both experiments because
Rosamaria Romero: Most, most people can can get through it. They just can't stop thinking negative
Rosamaria Romero: You know, they like
Rosamaria Romero: You know, like, like, you know, I mean, I'm not, I'm not speaking for anybody else. I'm not saying I'm better than anybody else or anything like that.
Rosamaria Romero: I'm just speaking for myself. I'm thankful that that I was able to get through a full day of the negative and and seeing the reactions of the people around me and how it affected.
Rosamaria Romero: My actions, like you said, My thought yeah on the people around me. The actions their thoughts on the way we speak the way we talk to each
Rosamaria Romero: Other
Like Sandra.
Rosamaria Romero: And I was actually able to hold it from the morning until we went to bed and I and I was amazed i was like i was like, wow, I was actually able to stay negative the whole day because I'm usually a positive person I'm usually the I mean like, it's like I'm
Rosamaria Romero: In group last night, they had brought up, you know, they asked us to explain you know just just one thing in our family that that that we feel
Rosamaria Romero: Like like
Rosamaria Romero: What well we felt we brought to the family. So no, I said I, I feel that I brought to my family like like leadership and independence and consistent
Rosamaria Romero: Because my I have, I have three older brothers three younger brothers and two older sisters and for some reason they they just, they all really looked up to me.
Rosamaria Romero: Since I was younger and they would always tell me you know
Rosamaria Romero: Even though you're younger than me. You seem so independent and you seem you're really consistent with what you do. You work hard for everything, who you have you have that you've always had nice cars.
Rosamaria Romero: You know you buy your own clothes you know you don't ask mom and dad for nothing. You, you work and you're consistent with your job you're you're consistent with with any everything that you commit to
Rosamaria Romero: Your you you could you could turn somebody that's having a bad day and you could turn their, their whole perspective around and and make their day.
Rosamaria Romero: Good. You know, just just just by talking to, to them and you know cracking a joke. And, you know, like, making them laugh and, you know, so, so I I felt that that they looked up to me. I felt that I brought leadership and
Rosamaria Romero: You know, and you know leadership and and like I said commitment and and
Rosamaria Romero: And and as well.
Rosamaria Romero: Oh, well, what does that mean word that that I wanted to use and
Rosamaria Romero: Consistency and
Rosamaria Romero: Independence.
Rosamaria Romero: Independence so so that's that's what I felt that I brought to the family so
Rosamaria Romero: That's why, that's why I say I've always been a positive person, so I thought it would. I thought it would have been hard for me.
Rosamaria Romero: To. I mean, I'm not perfect of course through before I did this experiment. Of course I would have negative thoughts and I would have my negative days, but I would always try to get my myself back on track and start, start saying, No, I'm not going to think this way. I need to stay positive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: I will. I'm not back and forth. Now I'm just, I'm just steady and consistent with just positive now. Ever since I did that, that experiment it how it it Jen, it really, really helped.
Yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: 100% you know I'm so I'm just, I'm really, really glad that you pass it on to the group and I regret not bringing it up last night, but I still have next week, you know, on Tuesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
Rosamaria Romero: My group because that's something I think that that Dominique and Dr. Kendall would really, really like to hear and and see, you know, just what I what I told you to see how how how it affects people and how much it changed me and how much it affected my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In a positive way.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, it's like I said on when I was thinking negative, everything would just going wrong for me, just everything was going wrong for me.
Rosamaria Romero: I would, you know, putting gas and it was squirting all over. And you know, I would go in the store and you know by a couple things and walk away without getting my change.
Rosamaria Romero: And then they're like, excuse me, Mommy forgot to change. And I'm like, I'm sorry, I'm just my mind just everywhere today. I'm just, I'm just, you know, kind of, because I'm thinking I'm thinking negative, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So like
Rosamaria Romero: On I'm thinking of all the bad things in my life to where I'm not focusing my number of cussing at all. So, so, you know, um,
Rosamaria Romero: So yeah, so now I'm just, I'm just staying positive. I'm not letting negativity come into my life anymore, of course.
Rosamaria Romero: I do get thoughts of negativity. I do something start getting thoughts and but I readily tell myself no
Rosamaria Romero: I'm not, I'm not going to do this to myself. I already been through, through the experiment I already know. I already know that the consequences and the actions of it.
Rosamaria Romero: So I'm going to rebuke it and I'm going to say a prayer, and I'm going to say no I'm not thinking negative. I'm not going to let those those thoughts come into my mind, I'm just going to stay positive. And, you know, and I've been. I've been good. I've been good. You know, I've been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've been really yeah
Rosamaria Romero: So far, any
Difference.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, well I'm gonna, I am going to continue to pass that message on with everybody you know that I work with, and I would like for you to continue doing the same thing, you know. And if you find areas that you're struggling with, write it down and we will go through them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I'm pretty sure with where your mindset.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is Rosa that you know it's exactly where it needs to be, you know,
Did you hear me.
Rosamaria Romero: Right, right, right. And yes, yes. And you know what, I'm before I forget, on
Rosamaria Romero: I, you know, while I was taking down notes because when I had talked to, to Danielle. She told me to try to start keeping like like a diary.
Rosamaria Romero: Like of like whenever I wake up through the night and you know when I'm feeling withdraw and because the pain wakes me up, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: You've been hours and I've taken my medications three in the morning already, etc. Whatever. So she's like, you know, keep keep a diary keep a diary. So I downloaded this this diary, which was really, really.
Rosamaria Romero: Cool on my phone and notes and
Rosamaria Romero: I've been writing down the, you know, like thoughts, just like you said, you know, right. Write down your thoughts, you know, if I'm having a bad day, or if I'm starting to get a negative thought, write it down. What my negative thoughts about
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah. And you know why I'm feeling and
Rosamaria Romero: Right.
Rosamaria Romero: When they write for the panda. When I was a long time to get like to write. And when I start writing. It's like can stop. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, let it flow.
Rosamaria Romero: That's my
Rosamaria Romero: Thought just coming in there.
Rosamaria Romero: I mean in there.
Rosamaria Romero: So,
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, exactly right. It's my I end up losing my flow. And then I'm like, wait. Now I'm gonna ask her.
Rosamaria Romero: To start going back and start
Rosamaria Romero: And then I would be able to push save and then it will save the date and time that that I did it, but I ended up losing my phone. So I lost all of that that I've been keeping track. So next time I see Danielle i'm i'm not going to have
Rosamaria Romero: I'm not going to happen. I need to start all over again. And I'm going to have to write it down until I get a new phone.
Well, yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: And going to be until next payday and hopefully I get paid enough tip and get a new phone because like I said I'm not putting in like ours, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: Three hours a day, maybe sometimes one hour a day to day if I'm lucky, it's, it's nothing. And my kids need clothes. Sometimes I need, I need any more food.
Rosamaria Romero: And so I can think about buying the new phone. You know what will my check comes out to be. So until then, I'm going to have to try to write
Rosamaria Romero: You know down the best I can, but I'm not gonna be able to write, you know, big ol paragraphs. I mean, of course, I could but like i said i i tend, I tend to stop like I have to stop because my hand hurts too much. It's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice to did you when you filed your taxes. Did you file them in have direct deposit
Rosamaria Romero: Um no I didn't get direct deposits. I don't have. I don't have a bank account. I got I got check. I bought them, directed by check and
Rosamaria Romero: It actually, it actually really sucks because I I did my taxes through through this place and I'm
Rosamaria Romero: I mean taxes is already over with. But if you want to just keep this in mind. It's called united united tax firm.
Rosamaria Romero: I did my taxes through them and I so okay so I did my taxes with them for 2018
Rosamaria Romero: And everything went fine you know I got my my federal my state tech everything went fine. I did it again with them this year and
Rosamaria Romero: The first time I did it with them. I asked them, okay. So I asked him so. So how much do you guys charge because you
Rosamaria Romero: Leave a you know somebody charges you know to do taxes, unless you go to the to the community college where there's volunteers that are do that does it for free.
Rosamaria Romero: They said, no, you get 100% of your, of your taxes guaranteed and also. Okay, great. You know, that's great. So the first year, it went fine this year when I did it.
Rosamaria Romero: They, they messed me over so bad, Rebecca. It's so awful. I'm having the, the Attorney General look into it. And, and, um, I actually still have to put in the complaint I
Rosamaria Romero: I hate it and I lost my son off dude all over again. But anyways, to get to the point they they charged me $1,025 just to do my taxes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy.
Rosamaria Romero: And on top of that, they kept my state check
Rosamaria Romero: And they when I called when a call to confirm them about it. They told me that they sent me my state and my federal check together and I called so so then I called up the state. The state tax and revenue and they told me that's impossible. They can't mix a state and federal check together.
Rosamaria Romero: They, they can be possible there there's there's something suspicious going on, so they they already had messed up.
Rosamaria Romero: Because they said, Okay, well it's showing here that that that we sent your, your, your state check to a checking account. They said, Did you get your federal and
Rosamaria Romero: You know in your bank account. I said, no, I don't have a bank account. I got it through check and they said, well, we sent it to, to, to a bank account and you know 4346
Rosamaria Romero: I told them. That's not mine. So they so they looked into it. And they said, Okay, it's showing here that they're considered a third party.
Rosamaria Romero: And we directed we directed your state check into their account and now that we can't do nothing about it. They said,
Rosamaria Romero: So they made a really big, big mistake. So now they told me that to get in touch with the
Rosamaria Romero: Attorney General, which I did and he ended up contacting me. That's when he told me make the complaint and then we'll look into it.
Rosamaria Romero: And will, and then I told him how much they charged me to do my taxes you thought that's outrageous. It is $25 and that's that they told me that it's free. It's free, they guarantee
Rosamaria Romero: And and I trusted them and it's like it's like they they they real to me in one year. They did everything legit so that they could get me the second year and and and take me for all I got, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: And yeah did
Rosamaria Romero: So I added it up and they took. They took to that. So 1025 and 1016 they
Rosamaria Romero: So they took 2025 35 30% 39 4041 $2,041 from me. They tell
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is ridiculous. Well, the reason I was asking was because you know the stimulus check is coming out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you direct
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Deposited they would have gotten that today, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if yours is going through the mail. Then you should have it within the next week or so is what I'm going to assume
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's coming and it's
Rosamaria Romero: Done well yes, actually, I was working on that all
Rosamaria Romero: Working on that on before I had got on with you because
Rosamaria Romero: You could go to this website. I haven't written down. It's an IRS
Rosamaria Romero: IRS slash gov or me.
Rosamaria Romero: Um, I can't remember, but it's like IRS gov dot dot something and I went to it and it's like a portal.
Rosamaria Romero: Where if you if you if you accept it. If you bought a check. You can go into that portal and and you could you could
Rosamaria Romero: Put your, your checking your checking information into it.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, and it's so that so that you could get your, your, your money into your checking account.
Rosamaria Romero: Well, but but you said that that everybody got got it and in their, in their checking account is getting it today and everybody else getting it in the check. It's been a day in a week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, should get it soon. I know that if you had direct deposit for your taxes that day start coming out today.
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah yeah yeah because a lot, a lot of my friends are posting are posting on Facebook, you know, of course, people like to break, which I don't like to do do stuff like that on on social media.
Rosamaria Romero: But you know the posting on Facebook. Oh, I got my check today. I got my check today. So your yeah you know, obviously, you're right. So, hopefully. Hopefully I get my check within the next week because I really need that money.
Rosamaria Romero: Yes, me what the word. You know what they did to me.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, they took a lot of money from me a lot of money and it's not. It's not. It's my hard work, money, but as. Yeah, that's my kids money.
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: Stuff what bugs me the most is that
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, well, that's my my kids money, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Rosamaria Romero: I have a question for you. And I don't know if you'll be able to answer it. So, so this year. Um, so I I'm not too sure if you're if you're aware, with what on
Rosamaria Romero: With what I was going through with the with the state. Um, I'm not too sure if I if I told you it long, long story short, I'm I'm through about two and a half years ago my door locks here where I live. I were broken.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I cannot. Yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: The manager over and over. Okay, so my son ended up will take custody.
Rosamaria Romero: Uh huh. I want him back. I want him back. Hey, I have full custody of him now, and all that. See, but I didn't have them all year. Last year, so I couldn't, I couldn't claim him.
Rosamaria Romero: Right, if I didn't claim him in my taxes. Will I still get the 500 frame. If I cleaned him in 2018
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It would think that you would, because he's independent, but I'm not sure that's something that I would definitely ask the IRS.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, a positive. Okay. Um, I've been trying to find a number for them, but I can't. It's
Rosamaria Romero: Hard to number for them. Well, on that portal on that portal that you go to, it gives you a website that you could moto and chat and chat with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, ask them whether or not you're going to get it for him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, Rosa. I've got somebody else in the waiting room already
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Looks like
But
Rosamaria Romero: Keep
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing what you're doing alright because it's working.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, thank you. Thank you. Um, I think I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think
Rosamaria Romero: For passing that around that. That made me feel really, really good. I was gonna ask you just work. Would you like that that website just, just in case people have questions about a you you can give them that that portal, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I got it.
Rosamaria Romero: You're, you're like, you're like 10 steps ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Great. Yeah, I don't mess around.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Money is my money right and he right now with, you know, people not working and you know resources are limited.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you've just gotta you know take what you can get and get everything paid as quickly. You know what I mean, as
Rosamaria Romero: You can so wisely and use it wisely on on on the most important things instead of just like like just because your shoes have a little scarf. You're like, oh, I need new shoes are because you're juicing Scott ladies I need new shoes, know that part right now. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One was really bad thing.
Rosamaria Romero: Foods important
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, no, keep keeping keeping your, your kids from fitting into their clothes important pain, your readings upon your, your, your, your utilities, you know, just keeping up on everything that that's that's going to keep you
Rosamaria Romero: You know, to live a comfortable life. In other words, but okay. I know you have somebody waiting or continue what I'm doing. Um, did you want to set up our next our next session.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think I still have you let me look to double check. But I think I have you on the same day weekly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me see you pretty sure I did that. Yep. I do. I have you set for next week at 9am my time 10pm your time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the week after. So I just kind of can I reoccurred your appointment so you'll come see me the next couple weeks. All through April at this time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You froze on me.
Rosamaria Romero: Did you. I said, yes. And she's okay well I'm not to get that confirmed. So I'm going to keep you on your weekly till I get that confirmed. So if you could please speak to Dr candle and that her know that this is our third session.
Rosamaria Romero: And that, yes, I did see you last week, so I can go back to my two weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: That's, that's, that's holding I went back to I was already on two weeks on and I'm trying to go you know get I'm trying to get my month lease.
Rosamaria Romero: So I'm okay with everything. So if you could just do that for me, please. That would be great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You bet me see.
Rosamaria Romero: If you could just like you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.